Added a section about the JDBC driver (#10147)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/languages-and-apis/jdbc-driver/properties.md

> # JDBC driver properties
> 
> The JDBC driver for {{ ydb-short-name }} supports the following configuration properties, which can be specified in the [JDBC URL](#jdbc-url-examples) or passed via extra properties:
> 
> * `saFile` — service account key for authentication. The valid value is the content of the JSON file or the file reference. {#saFile}
> 
> * `iamEndpoint` — custom IAM endpoint for authentication via a service account key.
> 
> * `token` — token value for authentication. The valid value is the token content or the token file reference. {#token}
> 
> * `useMetadata` — indicates whether to use metadata authentication. Valid values are: {#useMetadata}
> 
>     - `true` — use metadata authentication.
>     - `false` — do not use metadata authentication.
> 
>     Default value: `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# JDBC driver properties

The JDBC driver for {{ ydb-short-name }} supports the following configuration properties, which can be specified in the [JDBC URL](#jdbc-url-examples) or passed via additional properties:

* `saFile` — service account key for authentication. The valid value is either the content of the JSON file or a file reference. {#saFile}

* `iamEndpoint` — custom IAM endpoint for authentication using a service account key.

* `token` — token value for authentication. The valid value is either the token content or a token file reference. {#token}

* `useMetadata` — indicates whether to use metadata authentication. Valid values are: {#useMetadata}

    - `true` — use metadata authentication.
    - `false` — do not use metadata authentication.

    Default value: `false`.
```

> * `metadataURL` — custom metadata endpoint.
> 
> * `localDatacenter` — name of the data center, which is local to the application being connected.
> 
> * `secureConnection` — indicates whether to use TLS. Valid values are:
> 
>     - `true` — enforce TLS.
>     - `false` — do not enforce TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metadataURL` — custom metadata endpoint.

* `localDatacenter` — the name of the data center local to the application being connected.

* `secureConnection` — indicates whether to use TLS. Valid values are:

    - `true` — enforce TLS.
    - `false` — do not enforce TLS.
```

>     Usually you indicate whether a connection is secure or not by using the `grpcs://` scheme for secure connections and `grpc://` for insecure connections in the JDBC URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The primary way to indicate whether a connection is secure or not is by using the `grpcs://` scheme for secure connections and `grpc://` for insecure connections in the JDBC URL. This property allows overriding it.
```
I didn't check whether this is correct but it sounds like it.
